what you said your dad scared or your
mom scared
Sunnis your dad because you're dead you
really did pound your fucking pussy last
night which you do have a pussy and you
fucking pounded and raped you child
molester
you said I'm me Wow well a more meaning
you Wow I can overcome you and a snack
talk contest you know I'm better than
you
you have no comeback because you're gay
like that probably your pie well that's
right suck your daddy's dick yard bitch
my butt in my butt look at you being all
honest like a little kid oh he's
freaking I believe you're five years
older 13 my god it's fucking sad to be
you man look at you being all honestly
no comeback huh I guess you're scared
then scare like a motherfucker you're
gonna die someday because you're scared
of everything you can't afford
everything you can't be scared of
everything you gotta man up you little
bitch I mean the same one oh my God look
at you being no frickin nice because you
do that in a smack talk you suck proof
admit it you fucking suck at everything
even smack-talking you bitch whore